Canvas: Element level data links (#89079)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/visualizations/canvas/index.md

Canvases support [data links](ref:data-links) for all elements except drone and button elements. You can add a data link by following these steps:

1. Enable inline editing.
1. Click the element you to which you want to add the data link.
1. In either the inline editor or panel editor, expand the **Selected element** editor.
1. Scroll down to the **Data links** section and expand it.
1. Click **Add link**.
1. In the dialog box that opens, enter a **Title**. This is a human-readable label for the link, which will be displayed in the UI.
1. Enter the **URL** or variable to which you want to link.

   To add a data link variable, click in the **URL** field and enter `$` or press Ctrl+Space or Cmd+Space to see a list of available variables.

1. If you want the link to open in a new tab, toggle the **Open in a new tab** switch.

> 1. Click **Save** to save changes and close the dialog box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Disable inline editing.
1. Click **Save** to save changes and close the dialog box.
```

If you add multiple data links, you can control the order in which they appear in the visualization. To do this, click and drag the data link to the desired position.

#### One-click data link

> You can configure a canvas data link to open with a single click on the element. To enable this feature, toggle the **One-click** switch in the element's data links section. The first data link in the list will be configured as your one-click data link. If you want to change the one-click data link, simply drag the desired data link to the top of the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure a canvas data link to open with a single click on the element. To enable this feature, follow these steps:

1. Enable inline editing.
1. Click the element you to which you want to add the data link.
1. In either the inline editor or panel editor, expand the **Selected element** editor.
1. Scroll down to the **Data links** section and expand it.
1. Toggle the **One-click** switch in the element's data links section.
1. Disable inline editing.

The first data link in the list will be configured as your one-click data link. If you want to change the one-click data link, simply drag the desired data link to the top of the list.
```

Canvases support [data links](ref:data-links) for all elements except drone and button elements. You can add a data link by following these steps:

> 1. Click on the element you want to add a data link to while inline editing is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enable inline editing.
1. Click the element you to which you want to add the data link.
```

1. In either the inline editor or panel editor, expand the **Selected element** editor.

> 1. In the selected element pane, scroll down to the **Data links** section and expand it.

Reviewer: Are selected element pane and **Selected element** editor the same thing?

Reviewer 2: Yes they are

Reviewer: Okay, I think we can leave it out then since it's already referenced. 
```suggestion
1. Scroll down to the **Data links** section and expand it.
```

1. Click **Add link**.
1. In the dialog box that opens, enter a **Title**. This is a human-readable label for the link, which will be displayed in the UI.
1. Enter the **URL** or variable to which you want to link.

   To add a data link variable, click in the **URL** field and enter `$` or press Ctrl+Space or Cmd+Space to see a list of available variables.

> 1. If you want the link to open in a new tab, then toggle the **Open in a new tab** switch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you want the link to open in a new tab, toggle the **Open in a new tab** switch.
```

Reviewer 2: We should also update the main data links docs with this change as this line is a copy paste from that

1. Click **Save** to save changes and close the dialog box.

> {{% admonition type="note" %}}
> You can rearrange your data links to determine the order they appear in the visualization. To do this, click and drag the data link to the desired position.
> {{% /admonition %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you add multiple data links, you can control the order in which they appear in the visualization. To do this, click and drag the data link to the desired position.
```

1. Enable inline editing.
1. Click the element you to which you want to add the data link.
1. In either the inline editor or panel editor, expand the **Selected element** editor.
1. Scroll down to the **Data links** section and expand it.
1. Click **Add link**.
1. In the dialog box that opens, enter a **Title**. This is a human-readable label for the link, which will be displayed in the UI.
1. Enter the **URL** or variable to which you want to link.

   To add a data link variable, click in the **URL** field and enter `$` or press Ctrl+Space or Cmd+Space to see a list of available variables.

1. If you want the link to open in a new tab, toggle the **Open in a new tab** switch.
1. Click **Save** to save changes and close the dialog box.
1. Disable inline editing.

If you add multiple data links, you can control the order in which they appear in the visualization. To do this, click and drag the data link to the desired position.

#### One-click data link

You can configure a canvas data link to open with a single click on the element. To enable this feature, follow these steps:

1. Enable inline editing.

> 1. Click the element you to which you want to add the data link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the element to which you want to add the data link.
```

1. In either the inline editor or panel editor, expand the **Selected element** editor.
1. Scroll down to the **Data links** section and expand it.
1. Toggle the **One-click** switch in the element's data links section.
1. Disable inline editing.

> The first data link in the list will be configured as your one-click data link. If you want to change the one-click data link, simply drag the desired data link to the top of the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first data link in the list will be configured as your one-click data link. If you want to change the one-click data link, simply drag the desired data link to the top of the list.

{{< video-embed src="/media/docs/grafana/panels-visualizations/one-click-data-link-canvas.mp4>" >}}

```

   To add a data link variable, click in the **URL** field and enter `$` or press Ctrl+Space or Cmd+Space to see a list of available variables.

1. If you want the link to open in a new tab, toggle the **Open in a new tab** switch.
1. Click **Save** to save changes and close the dialog box.
1. Disable inline editing.

If you add multiple data links, you can control the order in which they appear in the visualization. To do this, click and drag the data link to the desired position.

#### One-click data link

You can configure a canvas data link to open with a single click on the element. To enable this feature, follow these steps:

1. Enable inline editing.
1. Click the element to which you want to add the data link.
1. In either the inline editor or panel editor, expand the **Selected element** editor.
1. Scroll down to the **Data links** section and expand it.
1. Toggle the **One-click** switch in the element's data links section.
1. Disable inline editing.

The first data link in the list will be configured as your one-click data link. If you want to change the one-click data link, simply drag the desired data link to the top of the list.

> {{< video-embed src="/media/docs/grafana/panels-visualizations/one-click-data-link-canvas.mp4" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< video-embed src="/media/docs/grafana/panels-visualizations/canvas-one-click-data-link.mp4" >}}
```

> {{< video-embed src="/media/docs/grafana/panels-visualizations/one-click-data-link-canvas.mp4>" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< video-embed src="/media/docs/grafana/panels-visualizations/one-click-data-link-canvas.mp4" >}}
```
